# Add your songs on each line in this file. Do not remove this notice.
# Add your songs like the lines below:
# Line 1: # <Artist> - <Title>
# Line 2: <Song URL>

# David Nail - Whatever She's Got
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gju4CyAsMhI

# Tyler Farr - Better in Boots
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w9PXnACu9jo

# Luke Bryan - Home Alone Tonight ft. Karen Fairchild
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f2Exzqu2ocs

# Luke Bryan - Country Girl (Shake It For Me)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f2Exzqu2ocs

# Rascall Flatts - I Like The Sound Of That
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TIwKZLcQM0E

# Sam Hunt - Break Up In A Small Town
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fQPS2sk1VTY

# Florida Georgia Line - This Is How We Roll ft. Luke Bryan
https://youtu.be/CbxuXq_981s?t=13s

# Zac Brown Band - As She's Walking Away ft. Alan Jackson
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3tthIHXUsPs

# Zac Brown Band - Chicken Fried
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hRjQmIqA1dY

# Florida Georgia Line - Stay
https://youtu.be/T_igmjEB560?t=30s

# Luke Bryan - Kill The Lights
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vvgLilGV-es

#Florida Georgia Line - Cruise
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8PvebsWcpto

#Florida Georgia Line - This Is How We Roll ft. Luke Bryan
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CbxuXq_981s

#Florida Georgia Line - Confession
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vwkYxPpmEPE

#Florida Georgia Line - Stay
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T_igmjEB560

#Florida Georgia Line - Round Here
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p1oL37ycONQ

#Florida Georgia Line - Dirt
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=42uphHWxmFU

#Florida Georgia Line - Anything Goes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wQfP1lcJ_eo

#Florida Georgia Line - Sippinâ€™ On Fire
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KllQ8e9Ae0w

#Florida Georgia Line - Sun Daze
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c8nY06Pt8Qw

#Florida Georgia Line - Get Your Shine On
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oajuSNChUOo

#Take It Out On Me- Florida Georgia Line (Lyrics, Not pitched!!)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8cKk3JIkXKc

#Florida Georgia Line - It'z Just What We Do
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=puiJKDWFars

#Florida Georgia Line- Like You Ain't Even Gone
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sBnFPGwY_VI

#Florida Georgia Line  - Smoke (Lyrics)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mrnmFshighw

#Florida Georgia Line - Tell Me How You Like It Lyrics
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OfuFoQOxEOA

#Dayum Baby- Florida Georgia Line- Lyrics
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qA1k__uWvME

#Florida Georgia Line - If I Die Tomorrow (Audio Version)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sz4f9wlVois

#Hands On You - Florida Georgia Line
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b2HYRCvsym0

#Florida Georgia Line-Here's to the Good Times [New Album]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0nYYSAa0VxU

#Country In My Soul Florida Georgia Line
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qVABUsvp0cQ

#Florida Georgia Line Never Let Her Go Lyrics On Screen
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S-D1wau6ick

#Angel - Florida Georgia Line Lyrics
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ER82IvAyPNE

#Florida Georgia Line - Good Good with Lyrics (HD)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z3ATzG2HbNc

#Headphones Florida Georgia Line
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h9Ddac_kG1A

#People Back Home Florida Georgia Line
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8sUxac-psK8

#Florida Georgia Line - I'm In A Hurry (And Don't Know Why) [Feat. Alabama]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Htr2-u64aMs

#Hell Raisin' Heat of the Summer Slideshow- Florida Georgia Line
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3ExcRIuJv5o

#Florida Georgia Line   EVERY NIGHT Lyrics
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZVoFCZf0Oko

#Florida Georgia LIne "Party People" Lyrics
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jWjU7XEDdU4

#Bumpin' The Night - Florida Georgia Line Lyrics
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M70CJAnfWYg

#Florida Georgia Line - What Are You Drinking About
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UfC0aFoW1Gk

#Florida Georgia Line - Tip it Back Lyrics
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=llRdPFcGL2g

#Florida Georgia Line Now That She's Gone Lyrics On Screen
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TnQ7y-3nUhM

#Backwoods Beauty Queen  Florida Georgia Line   YouTube
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0xIlvdkozlA

#Luan Santana feat. Florida Georgia Line - Fica (Stay)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wjn0u0Ob2s4

#Florida Georgia Line - Thats Whats Up (Bass Boosted)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZkQrYOaZLCQ

#Florida Georgia Line  - Smile (Lyrics)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SGCaSKdsst0

#Girl On The Radio - Florida Georgia Line Lyrics
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LgL0y2kIwUs

#Dance For Me - Florida Georgia Line Lyrics
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zgGXX2XMhcg

#Florida Georgia Line Black Tears Lyrics On Screen
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eel05Kja17I

#Florida Georgia Line You're Country Lyrics On Screen
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ht7NAIc9xLE

#Florida Georgia Line  - Friends In Low Places Lyrics
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uMdcW7M-qck

#"Damn baby damn" - Florida Georgia Line
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p6on7fsK2V8
